---
layout: post
title: "영어문장"
author: 뻘짓마스터(hsnks100@gmail.com)
date: 2017-01-04 21:29 +0900
tags: 
comments: true
---

The cost to join is relatively inexpensive and lasts for a full twelve months. 

Thanks to the hiring of four outside writers, workloads for the newspaper staff have been reduced. 

When sending office memos to more than one team, make sure to forward a copy to the managers of those departments accordingly  . 
 
(The insight into the newspaper industry gained from this internship program) will be invaluable to anyone condiering journalism as a career. 

The number of unique users visiting the website is an important indicator of its ability to generate ad revenue. 

Despite beginning his career just over a year ago, Ralph Brown is already an important critic in the film industry. 


namely - 
exceedingly - 
conderably - 
accordingly - 
suspension - 
affordable - 
invaluable - 
contractor - 
indicator - 
receptor - 
operator - 
futher - 
impulse - 
toxic - 
credit inquiry - 
investigate - 
forward - 
alleged - 
intentional - 
expectant - 

The company reward dedicated workers.  
회사는 열성적인 직원을 포상했다.

I'm delighted to do three-cushion game with region.

The unnie provides exceptional service to jiyun.

I'm fragile human.

I'm not idle man, even if they think I'm unemployed.

I have immense knowleage about billiard sense unexpectedly.

Some people has improper sexual desire.

I have done presentation among many notable computer scientists.

I hate obsolete thoughts.

I'm reluctant to do new games.

I want to receive substantial pay raises.

sustainable -

My english level is urgent situation.

unfavorable -

versatile - 


듣기 dictation


did you register in the robby?  
is it possible to repair here in the shop?  
do you have an updated map ?? the city?  
would you prefer a table near window?  
who someone tell me where the chair from my office?  
Has the team follow up the suggession mentioned at the last meeting?  
Are you going to hire temporary works to get that project finished by deadline?  
will you able to come to the staff meeting?

do you want me to make the report this week or next week?
would you like to make the trip to english on april?

This is second consecutive case that i've lost.
I have a lot of experience in delicate business.
I am demanding human when I am doing 3c.  
I'm eager to get toeic xxxx points.  

what i like is baseball.  
this is what makes me sad.
what i ate yesterday was pasta.  

A city where he was born is beijing.  
I remember  the day when we met.   
He knows the reason why she was late.  
the way he writes english is weird.  


do you know reason why he is crying?  

everybody glances the lady with whom I date.  
everybody glances the lady whom I date with.  
everybody glances the lady I date with.  

whatever   (~하는 것은 무엇이나)
whoever   (~하는 누구나)
whomever (~하는 누구나)
whichever (~하는 어느 것이나)

  ex) Whatever you do, I'm on your side.  
  ex) I will love whoever will love me.  
  ex) I will devote myself whomever I love.  
  ex) My darling, you can have whichever you choose.  


today word.  
intention / admission / patron / argue / disguise / cleverly / develop /  
hazard / obesity / attribute / omit / inadvertently / dedicated / ensure(use grammer) /  
sustainably / perceptible / deducted / influenced / affected / considered /  
juncture / gretefully / means / wasteful / perishable / reluctant / nominate /  
prestigious / which left the staff felling invigorated /  
intricate / flocked / flea market / in search of ?? / alignment /  
conjunction / abandon / harsh / resulting in ... /  
To appeal to high-class yet practical consumers, the online advertisement describes the timepiece as elegant and accurate.  
anxiously / timepiece / alongside /  
promptly notify the manager that the food I received was undercooked, and its charge should be removed from my bill.  
```
promptly notify the manager that (the food I received) was undercooked, and its charge should be removed from my bill.  
notify S that ~~ : pattern.
```

cordially / ever / inherently / markedly / politely / prominently / somewhat / substantially / 
tentatively / voluntarily

A more in-depth look into the __extensively__ researched education study shows worrying trends not apprent in the headline.  

In-depth look into Win32 PE is very important.  

go into effect   
In an apprent effort to provide more cultural oppotunities in the area,  

have yet to 
clerk will notify Ms.lofton of you presence.  

distant / nominating / fatigue / stimulate / bids / envelope /  
garments / boased / reliability / obligation / vacate /  
thoroughly / redeem / extend(express) / engagement / obligation /  
stylish / lastly / exceedingly / debate / advocated /  

bureau / grant / affluent / recess / sustain /  
buffet / features[v] / on behalf of Spruce Web Hosting /  
wear[v] / conform / quality control / overly / reimbursement /  

Our shipping team will send the ordre to the address listed in your membership profile, unless instructed to do detailed.  
The unique chip design has been passed by quality control and the manufacturing process is expected to be perfected __shortly__  

higher rate / ballet / turnout / feasible / vague / expenditure / feasibility /  
affirmation / endownment / accounts / lay off / 

I recommend using the printer on the 4th floor, because this one seems about to break down.  
A group of volunteers native to the area will be giving tours of the national park every weekend in the month of August.  
I has made Ms.mintz aware of fundamental problems.  
A company reserves the right to make adjustment to policy.  





























  








